(vending machine clatters)
- [Nana Osaki] The summer I
turned 16,
I switched to SevenStars
cigarettes.
'Cause that's what Ren smoked.
We got the same piercings.
We wore matching combat boots.
We slept in the same bed,
and we shared a dream together.
But then Ren abandoned me.
(birds chirping)
Somewhere in my heart I never
forgave him for doing that.
Just like I could never forgive
my mother.
(high intensity techno music)
(Nana blows softly)
(waves lapping softly)
(soft piano music)
- [Nana Osaki] I have no
willpower.
This is my fifth cigarette.
I could only quit for three
months.
But how else can I calm myself
down?
(Nana blows softly)
I wonder what Nobuo's gonna do.
I was probably too harsh on him.
I'll have to tell him I'm
sorry when I see him at work.
If he shows up.
I'm so tired.
I really don't want
to go to work.
But I've gotta work
to make money.
At least we don't have to rent
a studio
to practice in
anymore.
God, when are we gonna debut?
I wonder if Hach is asleep.
Takumi's gotta record today
so he must have taken off
by now.
(footsteps tapping)
- Welcome home.
(Nana grunts)
(door shuts)
(footsteps tapping)
Don't just ignore me!
(door thuds)
(Nana grunts)
Come and sit down with us.
We've got important stuff to
talk about.
- I can't, I've gotta get
changed and go to work!
- Then come out after
you're done changing.
It's not gonna take very long.
And put out that cigarette.
It's not good for the
baby's health.
(door shuts)
- Calm down.
Remember, no matter what
Hachi decides,
just watch over her gently.
Huh?
(door creaks)
- Do you want some more
grapefruit juice, babe?
(door shuts)
We've decided to get married.
(gasps softly)
- Huh?
Married?
- Which means I'll be
consulting with my agent
on how exactly we wanna
proceed with things.
But I know I want to hurry
and get a new place where
we can live together.
There are no elevators here
and that'll be tough for
Nana when she gets bigger
and we'll need a place
that has security.
So I am sorry it's short notice
but that means you're gonna
need to find a new roommate.
- [Nana Osaki] What the hell?
Why is everything
happening so fast?
She never even came to me
and told me she was pregnant.
And what about Nobuo?
Why aren't you saying anything?
This is totally insane.
- I imagine this is an
inconvenience
for you that's happening all of
a sudden.
So I will pay her
half of the rent
till you find someone new.
- I don't need it!
- Are you sure?
I mean, we are the ones
putting you in this position.
- Actually, the
timing's perfect.
I was thinking of moving
in with Ren anyway.
So I guess we'll just
ditch this place.
(soft dramatic music)
- Well, actually, I wanted to
talk to you about that too.
How much have you really
thought about Ren's situation?
- [Nana Osaki] What?
- Your relationship with him
is the kind of juicy dirt
the tabloids go after.
You know what'll happen
when they start digging
into your past.
- Yeah. What's your point?
If Trapnest goes down
because of some scandal
then it's not much of a band.
- (sighs) All I'm worried
about here
is Trapnest getting
too much unwanted attention.
When a band gets as big as
we are
it seems people
start fixating more
on the personal stuff
and less on the music.
I know it's unavoidable and
there are some advantages.
But even though I know that,
I would hate it if Trapnest
got a bunch of publicity
for anything other
than our music.
That's why it's important for
me to try to stop any scandals
before they have a chance
to start.
You're a musician,
so you know what I mean.
Right?
- So then why is it that you're
okay with getting married?
- Well, most of our fans
don't look at me
the same way they look at Ren.
I don't think they'll really
care if I get married or not.
Besides, I'm sure you
don't want to draw
that sort of attention
before your label
releases your debut album.
- Of course I don't want that.
Don't talk to me like
I don't know anything!
- Then you should just
cool things down a bit.
I'm not saying don't see
him, just...
- I got it.
I'll be more careful.
- I'm glad you get it.
I tried talking to Ren about
this and he totally ignored me.
It's something that's been
bugging me for a while now.
- Huh?
- Well, that's all I
wanted to say.
I guess I'll get
going.
(footsteps tapping)
- [Nana Osaki] What's with her?
It's like, she's his lap dog.
- I won't be able to come
over while we're recording,
but when it's finished
I'll go with you and talk
to your parents.
So there's no need for you
to worry.
And I want you to get
plenty of rest.
- But I'm not bedridden.
I can go see a real estate
agent while you're recording.
What kind of place should
I look for?
- Well, aren't you
miss impatient?
You really wanna play newlyweds
right away, don't you?
- I was just thinking
you're gonna be really busy,
so that's something
I can help out with.
- I think you wanna move
out fast
'cause it's hard for you
to be with Nana.
She's pretty close to Nobuo,
I'm sure that makes
things awkward.
And she doesn't make much of
an effort
to hide the fact
that she's upset.
I'll have someone at the
agency start looking for places
and make up a list for you
right away.
Then as soon as you're
feeling better
you can check them out.
Choose the one you
like best, okay?
You're not looking as pale
anymore.
Is the nausea gone?
- Yeah. Thanks.
I feel better.
Takumi, I thought you had
to get going to the studio?
- I've got plenty of time.
- But it might not be good for
the baby.
- [Takumi] Don't worry.
It'll be fine.
- [Nana Komatsu] Nana will hear
us.
- [Takumi] Don't worry.
Just keep your voice down
and she won't notice.
- But she's already
so mad at me.
- Yeah. Well don't you
realize how mad I've been?
(soft music)
I can't stand to think that
another guy was inside you.
You don't need to worry about
anything.
Just focus on making me happy.
- [Nana Osaki] That bed we
bought at Mizukoshi store
was old and the springs
always squeak.
It's driving me crazy.
- [Nana Komatsu] You're way more
important
than any boyfriend, Nana.
- [Nana Osaki] Liar.
- [Nana Komatsu] I think
I'm head over heels
in love with Nobuo.
- [Nana Osaki] Traitor.
- [Takumi] That means you'll
need to look
for a new roommate.
- [Nana Osaki] Why the hell
couldn't you tell me yourself?
(glass clinking)
- [Nana Komatsu] 'Cause
if you don't like them,
I don't want them.
There's no point in
me buying them
unless we're both
gonna use them.
- [Nana Osaki] Why don't you
use the strawberry glass?
- 'Cause we only have
two of them.
What if one of them breaks?
- But what's the point
if you never use them?
- [Nana Komatsu] Yeah but
they're a set.
It'd be sad if one
of them breaks.
You can use them, just
be careful, okay?
(glass shatters)
(water dripping)
It'd be sad if one
of them breaks.
(Nana Osaki sobbing softly)
(soft music)
(glass shatters)
- Nana?
- Don't worry about her.
- [Nana Osaki] Good.
Now they're together.
I'm not sad anymore.
(alarm beeping)
(Ren groaning)
- Huh?
What time did she come over?
- Don't ever let go of this hand
you hold.
Even though there's no ring
or red string tying a vow
to this trembling finger.
What kind of innocent love song
is this?
If you ask me, it sounds more
like it's about an affair.
- Oh yeah!
'Cause there's no ring, right?
- Yeah.
But it could also mean
that the guy has a ring on
his finger.
(Reira gasps)
- I thought you've been
acting kinda weird lately.
Reira, are you hooking
up with a married man?
- That isn't what the
song is about.
- But you know,
songs about affairs are
pretty popular right now.
- No Mari, this is real
true love.
A love that binds
people together.
But one where you don't
even kiss.
- Speaking of rings
and promises, Take?
- Yeah?
- I'm gonna be getting married.
(all gasping)
That's no problem, right?
- [All] You're getting married?
- What the hell are you
saying, Takumi?
And you choose now of all
times?
- Calm down, Take.
I trust everyone in this room.
- Oh man!
What's going on?
Dude, you getting married
is even less likely
than this new single
selling 10 million copies.
- Yeah. Well, my lady's
pregnant.
- [Take] Hachiko?
- [Takumi] How'd you know that?
- [Take] It's just not like you.
It's not like you at all.
- [Ren] Couldn't the kid
be Nobuo's?
- How could you let yourself
fall prey
to Hachiko's evil schemes?
- Evil schemes?
- The only thing she wants
is to marry a rock star
and spend all his money.
I bet she lured you in
while she was ovulating.
(chiming music)
- Takumi!
I wanna see you.
- Nah, I doubt this was
something she did on purpose
but maybe it's what she wants
now.
- But what about love, man?
- I'm pretty sure that
love will come later.
The people I've met
usually love themselves
more than anyone else.
So they end up loving
those who best accommodate
their own desires at the time.
- Yeah. That's one way of
looking at it.
- Huh?
- Come on.
It's cool.
Let's let this bastard
marry the bimbo.
I'm sure it'll be a
total train wreck
for however long
it'll last.
But aren't you dying
to see what happens?
- Geez, Kasai, you're
not really helping here.
We'll see what the president
says.
Okay, until then, please
everyone keep it a secret?
- Don't be stupid.
If I want to get married,
I'm gonna get married.
- Well then, let's get
back to business.
What do you say?
- Hold up, where's Reira?
- She was here just a
minute ago.
- I'm sure she'll be
right back.
We usually record the
vocals last anyway.
We can just work with the
scratch track for now.
- Hey Mari, could you go
look for her just in case?
- Yeah, of course.
- [Shinichi] Really?
Reira is your real name?
- [Layla] Yep, well almost,
it's spelled L-A-Y-L-A.
You know the Clapton
song, Layla?
- Yeah. I mean, who
doesn't know that song?
- Well, my dad was really into
that song
and he named me after it.
I like to listen to that song
sometimes
when I'm alone in my room,
and then I don't feel so lonely.
- [Shinichi] Lovely Layla.
Awesome title but it's
different in the Japanese.
- That'll be 5,500 yen.
(money rustling)
- [Layla] I'll call you.
(sad gentle music)
(phone ringing)
- Hey.
Hello?
Is anyone there?
- [Layla] Shin?
- What's the matter?
Reira, where are you?
Did something happen in the
studio?
(Reira crying)
What happened? You can tell me.
Reira, are you alright?
- [Layla] I need to ask you a
favor.
- Hm?
- [Layla] I'm sorry.
- Just tell me what it is.
I'll do anything I can.
(Reira crying)
I don't want anymore money,
so...
(Reira crying)
- Yasu?
- What?
What about him?
- [Reira] Could you give me
Yasus' number?
(footsteps tapping)
(plastic rustling)
(lighter igniting)
(Yasu blows softly)
(footsteps tapping)
(door clacking)
(door shuts)
(phone ringing)
(Nana Osaki groaning)
- Hello?
- [Nobuo] Nana, what
the hell are you doing?
I've been worried about you all
day.
- Nobuo?
- I've tried calling you a
billion times since this
morning.
I went a bit crazy last night
and said some mean things,
but I'm the one this is
happening to.
So why the hell do
you get a day off?
I'm starting to hate myself
for trying to do the
right thing all the time.
- [Nana Osaki] Uh. Sorry.
- It's okay.
Don't worry.
Over the years, I've gotten used
to your whacked out way
of dealing with things.
Oh, and I covered for
you at work today.
Where are you now?
- At Ren's place.
- I'm guessing Ren's not there
'cause they're recording.
No, I just got off work.
You wanna grab something to
eat together before practice?
- [Nana Osaki] Nobuo.
- I'll pay!
I just really need to
vent right now.
- [Nana Osaki] I think
there's something
really wrong with me.
- Come on!
You don't think I already know
that?
- I can't remember why I came
here
or even how I got here.
I don't even know if I'm awake.
(soft music)
The last thing I remember
was the strawberry glass
rolling off the table.
Those were the first
things we bought together
for our apartment.
It was falling...
About to hit the floor.
But I don't know if I caught it
in time.
(Nana Komatsu crying)
Hey Hachi,
I was like that cheap glass.
I was too weak to accept
you as you are.
It's just that I prefer the
pain of breaking into pieces.
And the loneliness I felt
from losing everything.
(upbeat music)
I was too fragile.
It's not your fault.